hey guys so as you can see I have a
dynamite 15 turn brushed border right
here and I just picked this up my hobby
store it was 20 bucks
as you can see 99 all of ECX is products
come with this motor and I bought this
to put in my slash because the punk
actually has an e CX torment and this
this is what is in his trunk and we both
put the trucks through the same on a mod
I went through 212 T's in the time that
he went but he still hasn't blown his 15
t up so I thought I'd buy this and
another thing is that I think it's cool
as this is 20 bucks and the 12 T is 26
and this actually comes with as you can
see a pinion gear and a grub screw so I
thought that was pretty dang cool so
because Inc track tracks this ain't
never given me no pinion gear you know
along with the motor so it's something I
think is really cool oh yes that's about
it I can't keep jumping around over here
but uh yeah that's pretty much it uh you
guys have just listened to me ramble for
the full video so but yeah let you know
how this goes I think this should be
quite a bit better
it's from Horizon hobbies as you can
tell dynamite yeah and also we had a
problem with his ECX and what the
problem was the slipper clutch was
turned out way too far so all we had to
do was tighten the all the way back it
off a quarter turn a quarter turn and it
ran fine and also the pinion gear was
chewed up
when he got it so we took my speed
pinion and for my speech and in there
cuz I has a regular pinion I don't know
what you call it in my truck so on it
went a little bit faster than my truck
so but I really like this motor a lot so
I thought I'd give it a try see how it
goes it's a little bit smaller on 12t
with that's no big deal um but thanks
for watching like comment subscribe and
I'll see you next time